Update tutorial-fastapi.md (#7856)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/python/tutorial-fastapi.md

    ![Dropdown with debugger configuration options, with FastAPI being highlighted](images/fastapi-tutorial/fastapi_debug_config_option.png)

>     This is automatically creating a debug configuiration for you that invokes uvicorn to start the application server through the debugger and allow you to step through the source code to inspect its behavior. You should see something like the following in the terminal:

Author: ```suggestion
    This automatically creates a debug configuration that invokes uvicorn to start the application server through the debugger and allows you to step through the source code to inspect its behavior. You should see something like the following in the terminal:
```
